# Business Associate Agreement

1. <span class="header_2">Business Associate Obligations</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Obligations and Restrictions.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may not use or disclose PHI other than as described in this BAA, as permitted under the Privacy Rule, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
    2. <span class="header_3">Permitted Uses and Disclosures.</span>  Except as otherwise permitted or required in this BAA, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may only use or disclose PHI as reasonably necessary to provide the Services or as otherwise required by applicable law.
    3. <span class="header_3">Privacy and Information Security Program.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will maintain a privacy and information security program that takes steps to ensure that employees or agents of <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> comply with this BAA.
    4. <span class="header_3">Safeguards.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will implement appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of PHI that it receives, creates, maintains, or transmits on behalf of <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span>.
    5. <span class="header_3">Assessments.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> agrees to conduct regular assessments of its compliance with its obligations under the Privacy Rule and Security Rule. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will make available a summary of such assessments to <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span> upon <span class="keyterms_link">Company's</span> reasonable request.
    6. <span class="header_3">Mitigation of Risks.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> agrees to mitigate, to the extent practicable, any harmful effect that is known to <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> of a use or disclosure of PHI by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>.
    7. <span class="header_3">Subcontractors.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> must first ensure that each Subcontractor executes a binding, written agreement requiring the Subcontractor to protect PHI under terms substantially similar to and no less stringent than this BAA.
    8. <span class="header_3">Books and Records to HHS.</span>  Upon request, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will make its books, records, and internal policies and procedures relating to the use and disclosure of PHI available to the Secretary of HHS for the purpose of determining <span class="keyterms_link">Company's</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> compliance with HIPAA.
    9. <span class="header_3">Individual Requests.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will take reasonable efforts to support <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span> in completing requests related to individuals' rights under HIPAA as related to the Services in a timely manner, but in no event will <span class="keyterms_link">Provider's</span> response take more than ten business days.
2. <span class="header_2">Company Obligations</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Notice of Privacy Practices.</span>  Upon request, <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span> will provide <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> with its current notice of privacy practices adopted as required by the Privacy Rule.
    2. <span class="header_3">Compliance with Laws.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span> will only use and disclose PHI to <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> in accordance with its obligations under HIPAA and with applicable law.
3. <span class="header_2">Data Rights & Restrictions</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Offshoring PHI.</span>  Except as restricted by applicable <span class="keyterms_link">Limitations</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> is permitted to use and disclose PHI outside of the United States to provide the Services.
    2. <span class="header_3">De-Identification.</span>  Except as restricted by applicable <span class="keyterms_link">Limitations</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may de-identify PHI.
    3. <span class="header_3">Aggregation.</span>  Except as restricted by applicable <span class="keyterms_link">Limitations</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may aggregate PHI for its own purposes.
4. <span class="header_2">Breach Notification</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Breach Reporting.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will report to <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span> within the <span class="keyterms_link">Breach Notification Period</span> each use or disclosure of PHI not permitted under this BAA of which <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> becomes aware, including breaches of unsecured PHI as required by §164.410 of HIPAA and any Security Incident involving PHI.
    2. <span class="header_3">Security Incident Reimbursement.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will reimburse <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span> for costs reasonably associated with a Security Incident caused by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> or one of its Subcontractors.
5. <span class="header_2">Term & Termination</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Term.</span>  This BAA will start on the <span class="keyterms_link">BAA Effective Date</span> and will continue in effect until the later of when all obligations of the parties have been met under this BAA or when the <span class="keyterms_link">Agreement</span> ends or expires.
    2. <span class="header_3">Termination.</span>  Either party may terminate this BAA if the other party fails to cure a material breach of the BAA within 30 days after receiving notice of the breach.
    3. <span class="header_3">Effect of Termination.</span>  Upon any expiration or termination of this BAA, or earlier if directed by <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will either return or destroy, at <span class="keyterms_link">Company's</span> discretion and according to <span class="keyterms_link">Company's</span> instructions, all PHI maintained in any form by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>, its agents, or its Subcontractors.
6. <span class="header_2">Definitions</span>
    1. **"BAA"** means the Cover Page between <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Company</span> that incorporates these BAA Standard Terms and any policies and documents referenced in or attached to the Cover Page.
    2. **"BAA Standard Terms"** means these Common Paper BAA Standard Terms Version 1.0, which are posted at <https://commonpaper.com/standards/business-associate-agreement/1.0>.
    3. **"Breach"** has the meaning given to it under HIPAA.
    4. **"HIPAA"** means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and the rules and regulations thereunder, as amended from time to time.
    5. **"Protected Health Information"** or **"PHI"** has the meaning given to it under HIPAA.
    6. **"Security Incident"** has the meaning given to it under HIPAA.
    7. **"Services"** means the products and services provided by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> under the <span class="keyterms_link">Agreement</span>.

Common Paper BAA Standard Terms Version 1.0 free to use under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
