# Cloud Service Agreement

1. <span class="header_2" id="1">Service</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="1.1">Access and Use.</span>  During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> and subject to the terms of this Agreement, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> may (a) access and use the Cloud Service; and (b) copy and use the included Software and Documentation only as needed to access and use the Cloud Service, in each case, for its internal business purposes. If a <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> Affiliate enters a separate Order Form with <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>, the <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Affiliate creates a separate agreement between <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> and that Affiliate, where <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> responsibility to the Affiliate is individual and separate from <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is not responsible for its Affiliates' agreement.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="1.2">Support.</span>  During the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will provide <span class="orderform_link">Technical Support</span> as described in the Order Form.
    3. <span class="header_3" id="1.3">User Accounts.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is responsible for all actions on Users' accounts and for all Users' compliance with this Agreement. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and Users must protect the confidentiality of their passwords and login credentials. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will promptly notify <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> if it suspects or knows of any fraudulent activity with its accounts, passwords, or credentials, or if they become compromised.
    4. <span class="header_3" id="1.4">Feedback and Usage Data.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> may, but is not required to, give <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> Feedback, in which case <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> gives Feedback "AS IS". <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may use all Feedback freely without any restriction or obligation. In addition, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may collect and analyze Usage Data, and <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may freely use Usage Data to maintain, improve, enhance, and promote <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> products and services without restriction or obligation. However, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may only disclose Usage Data to others if the Usage Data is aggregated and does not identify <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> or Users.
    5. <span class="header_3" id="1.5">Customer Content.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may copy, display, modify, and use Customer Content only as needed to provide and maintain the Product and related offerings. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is responsible for the accuracy and content of Customer Content.
    6. <span class="header_3" id="1.6">Machine Learning.</span>  Usage Data and Customer Content may be used to develop, train, or enhance artificial intelligence or machine learning models that are part of <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> products and services, including third-party components of the Product, and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> authorizes <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> to process its Usage Data and Customer Content for such purposes. However, (a) Usage Data and Customer Content must be aggregated before it can be used for these purposes, and (b) <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with industry standard technology to de-identify Usage Data and Customer Content before such use. Nothing in this section will reduce or limit <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> obligations regarding Personal Data that may be contained in Usage Data or Customer Content under Applicable Data Protection Laws. Due to the nature of artificial intelligence and machine learning, information generated by these features may be incorrect or inaccurate. Product features that include artificial intelligence or machine learning models are not human and are not a substitute for human oversight.

2. <span class="header_2" id="2">Restrictions & Obligations</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="2.1">Restrictions on Customer.</span>
        a. Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow anyone else to): (i) reverse engineer, decompile, or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Product (except to the extent Applicable Laws prohibit this restriction); (ii) provide, sell, transfer, sublicense, lend, distribute, rent, or otherwise allow others to access or use the Product; (iii) remove any proprietary notices or labels; (iv) copy, modify, or create derivative works of the Product; (v) conduct security or vulnerability tests on, interfere with the operation of, cause performance degradation of, or circumvent access restrictions of the Product; (vi) access accounts, information, data, or portions of the Product to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> does not have explicit authorization; (vii) use the Product to develop a competing service or product; (viii) use the Product with any High Risk Activities or with any activity prohibited by Applicable Laws; (ix) use the Product to obtain unauthorized access to anyone else's networks or equipment; or (x) upload, submit, or otherwise make available to the Product any Customer Content to which <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> and Users do not have the proper rights.
        b. Use of the Product must comply with all Documentation and <span class="orderform_link">Use Limitations</span>.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="2.2">Suspension.</span>  If <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> (a) has an outstanding, undisputed balance on its account for more than 30 days; (b) breaches Section 2.1 (Restrictions on Customer); or (c) uses the Product in violation of the Agreement or in a way that materially and negatively impacts the Product or others, then <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may temporarily suspend <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> access to the Product with or without notice. However, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will try to inform <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> before suspending <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> account when practical. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will reinstate <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> access to the Product only if <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> resolves the underlying issue.

3. <span class="header_2" id="3">Privacy & Security</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="3.1">Personal Data.</span>  Before submitting Personal Data governed by GDPR, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> must enter into a data processing agreement with <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span>. If the parties have a <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span>, each party will comply with its obligations in the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span>, the terms of the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span> will control each party's rights and obligations as to Personal Data, and the terms of the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span> will control in the event of any conflict with this Agreement.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="3.2">Prohibited Data.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow anyone else to) submit Prohibited Data to the Product unless authorized by the Order Form or Key Terms.

4. <span class="header_2" id="4">Payment & Taxes</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="4.1">Fees.</span>  Unless the Order Form specifies a different currency, all Fees are in U.S. Dollars and are exclusive of taxes. Except for the prorated refund of prepaid Fees allowed with specific termination rights given in the Agreement, Fees are non-refundable.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="4.2">Invoicing.</span>  For a <span class="orderform_link">Payment Process</span> with invoicing, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will send invoices for usage-based Fees in arrears and for all other Fees in advance, in each case according to the <span class="orderform_link">Payment Process</span>.
    3. <span class="header_3" id="4.3">Automatic Payment.</span>  For a <span class="orderform_link">Payment Process</span> with automatic payment, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will automatically charge the credit card, debit card, or other payment method on file for Fees according to the <span class="orderform_link">Payment Process</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> authorizes all such charges. In this case, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will make a copy of <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> bills or transaction history available to <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span>.
    4. <span class="header_3" id="4.4">Taxes.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is responsible for all duties, taxes, and levies that apply to Fees, including sales, use, VAT, GST, or withholding, that <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> itemizes and includes in an invoice. However, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> is not responsible for <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> income taxes.
    5. <span class="header_3" id="4.5">Payment.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will pay <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> Fees and taxes in U.S. Dollars, unless the Order Form specifies a different currency, according to the <span class="orderform_link">Payment Process</span>.
    6. <span class="header_3" id="4.6">Payment Dispute.</span>  If <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> has a good-faith disagreement about the Fees charged or invoiced, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> must notify <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> about the dispute before payment is due, or within 30 days of an automatic payment, and must pay all undisputed amounts on time. The parties will work together to resolve the dispute within 15 days. If no resolution is agreed, each party may pursue any remedies available under the Agreement or Applicable Laws.

5. <span class="header_2" id="5">Term & Termination</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="5.1">Order Form and Agreement.</span>  For each Order Form, the Agreement will start on the <span class="orderform_link">Order Date</span>, continue through the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>, and automatically renew for additional <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Periods</span> unless one party gives notice of non-renewal to the other party before the <span class="orderform_link">Non-Renewal Notice Date</span>.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="5.2">Framework Terms.</span>  These Framework Terms will start on the <span class="keyterms_link">Effective Date</span> and continue for the longer of one year or until all Order Forms governed by the Framework Terms have ended.
    3. <span class="header_3" id="5.3">Termination.</span>  Either party may terminate the Framework Terms or an Order Form immediately:
        a. if the other party fails to cure a material breach of the Framework Terms or an Order Form following 30 days notice;
        b. upon notice if the other party (i) materially breaches the Framework Terms or an Order Form in a manner that cannot be cured; (ii) dissolves or stops conducting business without a successor; (iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (iv) becomes the debtor in insolvency, receivership, or bankruptcy proceedings that continue for more than 60 days.
    4. <span class="header_3" id="5.4">Force Majeure.</span>  Either party may terminate an affected Order Form upon notice if a Force Majeure Event prevents the Product from materially operating for 30 or more consecutive days. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will pay to <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> a prorated refund of any prepaid Fees for the remainder of the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>. A Force Majeure Event does not excuse <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> obligation to pay Fees accrued prior to termination.
    5. <span class="header_3" id="5.5">Effect of Termination.</span>  Termination of the Framework Terms will automatically terminate all Order Forms governed by the Framework Terms. Upon any expiration or termination:
        a. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will no longer have any right to use the Product.
        b. Upon <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> request, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will delete Customer Content within 60 days.
        c. Each Recipient will return or destroy Discloser's Confidential Information in its possession or control.
        d. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> will submit a final bill or invoice for all outstanding Fees accrued before termination and <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will pay the invoice according to Section 4 (Payment & Taxes).
    6. <span class="header_3" id="5.6">Survival.</span>
        a. The following sections will survive expiration or termination of the Agreement: Section 1.4 (Feedback and Usage Data), Section 1.6 (Machine Learning), Section 2.1 (Restrictions on Customer), Section 4 (Payment & Taxes) for Fees accrued or payable before expiration or termination, Section 5.5 (Effect of Termination), Section 5.6 (Survival), Section 6 (Representations & Warranties), Section 7 (Disclaimer of Warranties), Section 8 (Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (Indemnification), Section 10 (Confidentiality), Section 11 (Reservation of Rights), Section 12 (General Terms), Section 13 (Definitions), and the portions of a Cover Page referenced by these sections.
        b. Each Recipient may retain Discloser's Confidential Information in accordance with its standard backup or record retention policies maintained in the ordinary course of business or as required by Applicable Laws, in which case Section 3 (Privacy & Security) and Section 10 (Confidentiality) will continue to apply to retained Confidential Information.

Common Paper Cloud Service Agreement Standard Terms Version 2.1 free to use under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
