# Pilot Agreement

1. <span class="header_2" id="1">Pilot Access</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="1.1">Access and Use.</span>  During the <span class="orderform_link">Pilot Period</span> and subject to the terms of this Agreement, <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> may access and use the Product solely for <span class="orderform_link">Customer's</span> Evaluation Purposes.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="1.2">License.</span>  If the Product contains Software, then, during the <span class="orderform_link">Pilot Period</span> and subject to the terms of this Agreement, <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span> grants <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to install and use such Software on systems owned or controlled by <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> solely for <span class="orderform_link">Customer's</span> Evaluation Purposes.
    3. <span class="header_3" id="1.3">User Accounts.</span>  <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> is responsible for all actions on Users' accounts and for all Users' compliance with this Agreement.
    4. <span class="header_3" id="1.4">Customer Content.</span>  <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span> may copy, display, modify, and use Customer Content only as needed to provide and maintain the Product and related offerings. <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> is responsible for the accuracy and content of Customer Content.
    5. <span class="header_3" id="1.5">Feedback and Usage Data.</span>  <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> may, but is not required to, give <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span> Feedback, in which case <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> gives Feedback "AS IS". <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span> may use all Feedback freely without any restriction or obligation.
    6. <span class="header_3" id="1.6">Restrictions.</span>  Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow anyone else to): (i) reverse engineer, decompile, or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Product; (ii) provide, sell, transfer, sublicense, lend, distribute, rent, or otherwise allow others to access or use the Product; (iii) remove any proprietary notices or labels; or (iv) use the Product to develop a competing service or product.
    7. <span class="header_3" id="1.7">Reservation of Rights.</span>  Except for the limited license to install and use Software in Section 1.2 (License), <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span> retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Product, whether developed before or after the <span class="orderform_link">Effective Date</span>.
2. <span class="header_2" id="2">Term & Termination</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="2.1">Agreement.</span>  The Agreement will start on the <span class="orderform_link">Effective Date</span> and, unless terminated earlier according to the terms of this Agreement, will continue through the <span class="orderform_link">Pilot Period</span>.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="2.2">Termination.</span>  Either party may terminate the Agreement immediately:
        a. if the other party fails to cure a material breach of the Agreement following 30 days notice;
        b. upon notice if the other party (i) materially breaches the Agreement in a manner that cannot be cured; (ii) dissolves or stops conducting business without a successor; (iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (iv) becomes the debtor in insolvency, receivership, or bankruptcy proceedings that continue for more than 60 days; or
        c. for any or no reason following 30 days notice to the other party.
    3. <span class="header_3" id="2.3">Effect of Termination.</span>  If the parties do not have a Definitive Agreement, then upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement:
        a. <span class="orderform_link">Customer</span> will no longer have any right to use the Product.
        b. Upon <span class="orderform_link">Customer's</span> request, <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span> will delete Customer Content within 60 days.
        c. Each Recipient will return or destroy Discloser's Confidential Information in its possession or control.
3. <span class="header_2" id="3">Representations</span>
    1. Each party represents to the other that: (a) it has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement; and (b) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Applicable Laws of the jurisdiction of its origin.
4. <span class="header_2" id="4">Disclaimer of Warranties</span>
    1. <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span> makes no guarantees that the Product will always be safe, secure, or error-free, or that it will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. **The Product is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span> disclaims all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.** These disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
5. <span class="header_2" id="5">Limitation of Liability</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="5.1">General Liability Cap.</span>  **Each party's total cumulative liability for all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement will not be more than the <span class="orderform_link">General Cap Amount</span>.**
    2. <span class="header_3" id="5.2">Damages Waiver.</span>  **Except for a breach of Section 6 (Confidentiality), under no circumstances will either party be liable to the other for lost profits or revenues (whether direct or indirect), or for consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages relating to this Agreement, even if the party is informed of the possibility of this type of damage in advance.**
6. <span class="header_2" id="6">Confidentiality</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="6.1">Non-Use and Non-Disclosure.</span>  Except as otherwise authorized in the Agreement or as needed to fulfill its obligations or exercise its rights under this Agreement, Recipient will not (a) use Discloser's Confidential Information; nor (b) disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to anyone else. In addition, Recipient will protect Discloser's Confidential Information using at least the same protections Recipient uses for its own similar information but no less than a reasonable standard of care.
7. <span class="header_2" id="7">General Terms</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="7.1">Entire Agreement.</span>  This Agreement is the only agreement between the parties about its subject and this Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous statements (whether in writing or not) about its subject.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="7.3">Governing Law and Chosen Courts.</span>  The <span class="orderform_link">Governing Law</span> will govern all interpretations and disputes about this Agreement, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The parties will bring any legal suit, action, or proceeding about this Agreement in the <span class="orderform_link">Chosen Courts</span> and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the <span class="orderform_link">Chosen Courts</span>.
8. <span class="header_2" id="8">Definitions</span>
    1. **"Standard Terms"** means these Common Paper Pilot Agreement Standard Terms Version 1.1, which are posted at <https://commonpaper.com/standards/pilot-agreement/1.1>.
    2. **"Evaluation Purposes"** means the internal use of the Product solely to test and evaluate the Product to determine whether to enter into a Definitive Agreement with <span class="orderform_link">Provider</span>.

Common Paper Pilot Agreement Standard Terms Version 1.1 free to use under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
