# Professional Services Agreement

1. <span class="header_2">Services</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Providing Services.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> or its Affiliates may enter SOWs with <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will perform the Services as detailed in an applicable SOW. Each SOW together with the Key Terms and Standard Terms will constitute a separate agreement.
    2. <span class="header_3">Cooperation.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will reasonably cooperate with <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> to allow the performance of Services. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> is not responsible for an inability to perform the Services caused by <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> failure to cooperate as reasonably requested. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will provide its own equipment and tools to perform the Services.
    3. <span class="header_3">Change Orders.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> or <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> may amend any SOW by entering a Change Order. A Change Order will not be binding until <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> agree in writing on the Change Order.
    4. <span class="header_3">Acceptance.</span>  If according to the SOW <span class="sow_link">Deliverables</span> are subject to this section, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will be deemed to have approved a <span class="sow_link">Deliverable</span> if <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> does not reject the <span class="sow_link">Deliverable</span> within the <span class="sow_link">Rejection Period</span>.
    5. <span class="header_3">Subcontractors.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may use Subcontractors to perform the Services only with <span class="keyterms_link">Customer's</span> prior permission.
2. <span class="header_2">Intellectual Property</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Deliverables.</span>  Except for Pre-Existing Materials and Third-Party Materials, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> assigns all right, title, and interest in the <span class="sow_link">Deliverables</span> (if any) to <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> at the <span class="sow_link">Time of Assignment</span>.
    2. <span class="header_3">Customer Materials.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may copy, display, modify, and use Customer Materials only as needed to provide the Services. <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> is responsible for the accuracy and content of Customer Materials.
    3. <span class="header_3">Pre-Existing Materials.</span>  To the extent <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> incorporates Pre-Existing Materials into <span class="sow_link">Deliverables</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> grants <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> a non-exclusive, non-transferrable, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license to use Pre-Existing Materials only as necessary to use the <span class="sow_link">Deliverables</span> according to this Agreement.
3. <span class="header_2">Privacy & Security</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Personal Data.</span>  If the parties have a <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span>, each party will comply with its obligations in the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span>, the terms of the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span> will control each party's rights and obligations as to Personal Data, and the terms of the <span class="keyterms_link">DPA</span> will control in the event of any conflict with this Agreement.
4. <span class="header_2">Payment & Taxes</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Fees and Invoices.</span>  Unless the currency is specified in the SOW, all <span class="sow_link">Fees</span> are in U.S. Dollars and are exclusive of taxes. Except for the prorated refund of prepaid <span class="sow_link">Fees</span> allowed with specific termination rights, <span class="sow_link">Fees</span> are non-refundable. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will send invoices for <span class="sow_link">Fees</span> as described in the SOW.
    2. <span class="header_3">Payment.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> will pay <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> the <span class="sow_link">Fees</span> and taxes in each invoice in U.S. Dollars, unless the SOW specifies a different currency, within the <span class="sow_link">Payment Period</span>.
5. <span class="header_2">Term & Termination</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Term.</span>  This Agreement will start on the <span class="keyterms_link">Effective Date</span> and continue until 12 months have elapsed since the end of the latest <span class="keyterms_link">SOW Term</span> end date.
    2. <span class="header_3">Termination.</span>
        a. Either party may terminate this Agreement or an SOW immediately if the other party (i) fails to cure a material breach of the Agreement or SOW within 30 days after receiving notice of the breach; (ii) materially breaches the Agreement or SOW in a manner that cannot be cured; (iii) dissolves or stops conducting business without a successor; (iv) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (v) becomes the debtor in insolvency, receivership, or bankruptcy proceedings that continue for more than 60 days.
        b. Either party may terminate an affected SOW immediately if a Force Majeure Event prevents <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> from providing the Services for 30 or more consecutive days.
        c. Either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason if there are no active SOWs.
6. <span class="header_2">Representations & Warranties</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Mutual.</span>  Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (a) it has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (b) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Applicable Laws of the jurisdiction of its origin; (c) it will comply with all Applicable Laws in performing its obligations or exercising its rights in this Agreement.
    2. <span class="header_3">From Provider.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> represents and warrants to <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> that: (a) it will perform the Services in a timely, competent, and professional manner; (b) the <span class="sow_link">Deliverables</span> do not and will not infringe or misappropriate anyone else's copyright, trademark, trade secret, or right of publicity; and (c) the <span class="sow_link">Deliverables</span> will conform to the requirements in the SOW.
7. <span class="header_2">Disclaimer of Warranties</span>
    1. Except for the warranties in Section 6 (Representations & Warranties), <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> each **disclaim all other warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement**. These disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
8. <span class="header_2">Limitation of Liability</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Liability Caps.</span>  **If there are <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Claims</span>, each party's total cumulative liability for the <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Claims</span> arising out of or relating to this Agreement will not be more than the <span class="keyterms_link">Increased Cap Amount</span>. Each party's total cumulative liability for all other claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement will not be more than the <span class="keyterms_link">General Cap Amount</span>.**
    2. <span class="header_3">Damages Waiver.</span>  **Each party's liability for any claim or liability arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws. Under no circumstances will either party be liable to the other for lost profits or revenues, or for consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages relating to this Agreement, even if the party is informed of the possibility of this type of damage in advance.**
9. <span class="header_2">Confidentiality</span>
    1. <span class="header_3">Non-Use and Non-Disclosure.</span>  Unless otherwise authorized in the Agreement, Recipient will (a) only use Discloser's Confidential Information to fulfill its obligations or exercise its rights under this Agreement; and (b) not disclose Discloser's Confidential Information to anyone else. In addition, Recipient will protect Discloser's Confidential Information using at least the same protections Recipient uses for its own similar information but no less than a reasonable standard of care.

Common Paper Professional Services Agreement Standard Terms free to use under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
